README.md, before:

# Pathfinder-X: Your Ultimate XPath Finder 🧭

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/carlossepulvedaavila/pathfinder-x/blob/main/images/Pathfinder-X.png" alt="Pathfinder-X in action">
</p>

Pathfinder-X is a simple and powerful Chrome extension that helps you find the best XPath for any element on a webpage. It's designed for developers, testers, and anyone who needs to work with web automation.

## ✨ Features

- **Instant XPath Generation:** Just hover over any element to get its XPath.
- **Optimized for Automation:** Generates XPaths that are optimized for tools like Playwright and Selenium.
- **Multiple XPath Options:** Provides a variety of XPath options to choose from, including optimized, structural, and by attribute.
- **Lock and Unlock:** Lock onto an element to prevent it from being lost while you move your cursor.
- **Modern and Friendly UI:** A clean and intuitive interface that is easy to use.

## 🚀 How to Use

1.  **Install the extension:** Download the extension from the Chrome Web Store (link coming soon).
2.  **Open the extension:** Click on the Pathfinder-X icon in your Chrome toolbar.
3.  **Hover over elements:** Move your cursor over any element on the page to see its XPath.
4.  **Lock an element:** Click on an element or press the **Shift** key to lock it.
5.  **Copy the XPath:** Click the "Copy" button to copy the XPath to your clipboard.

## 🛠️ Development

Interested in contributing to Pathfinder-X? Here's how to get started:

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/carlossepulvedaavila/pathfinder-x.git
    ```
2.  **Load the extension in Chrome:**
    - Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions`.
    - Enable "Developer mode".
    - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `pathfinder-x` directory.

## 💬 Feedback and Contribution

I'd love to hear your feedback! If you have any suggestions or encounter any issues, please open an issue on GitHub.

If you'd like to contribute to the project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

---

Made with ❤️ by the CHAOS Integrations Team

Commit message:

Simplify header UX, fix clear/unlock/refresh bugs, replace Shift with Space, remove orphaned popup files

README.md, after:

# Pathfinder-X: Your Ultimate XPath Finder 🧭

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/carlossepulvedaavila/pathfinder-x/blob/main/images/Pathfinder-X.png" alt="Pathfinder-X in action">
</p>

Pathfinder-X is a simple and powerful Chrome extension that helps you find the best XPath for any element on a webpage. It's designed for developers, testers, and anyone who needs to work with web automation.

## ✨ Features

- **Instant XPath Generation:** Hover over any element to see its XPath in real time.
- **Optimized for Automation:** Generates XPaths optimized for Playwright and Selenium.
- **Multiple XPath Options:** Choose from optimized, structural, and attribute-based selectors.
- **Lock and Unlock:** Lock onto an element with a click or **Space** to keep it selected while you work. Press **Space** again to unlock.
- **Side Panel UI:** Runs in Chrome's side panel so it stays open alongside the page.
- **iFrame & Shadow DOM Support:** Inspects elements inside iframes and shadow roots.

## 🚀 How to Use

1.  **Install the extension:** Download from the Chrome Web Store (link coming soon).
2.  **Open the extension:** Click the Pathfinder-X icon in your toolbar to open the side panel.
3.  **Enable inspection:** Toggle "Inspect" on in the side panel header.
4.  **Hover over elements:** Move your cursor over any element on the page.
5.  **Lock an element:** Click on an element or press **Space** to lock it. Press **Space** again to unlock.
6.  **Copy the XPath:** Click the "Copy" button to copy any selector to your clipboard.

## 🛠️ Development

Interested in contributing to Pathfinder-X? Here's how to get started:

1.  **Clone the repository:**
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/carlossepulvedaavila/pathfinder-x.git
    ```
2.  **Load the extension in Chrome:**
    - Open Chrome and go to `chrome://extensions`.
    - Enable "Developer mode".
    - Click "Load unpacked" and select the `pathfinder-x` directory.

## 💬 Feedback and Contribution

I'd love to hear your feedback! If you have any suggestions or encounter any issues, please open an issue on GitHub.

If you'd like to contribute to the project, please fork the repository and submit a pull request.

---

Made with ❤️ by the CHAOS Integrations Team
